Updated docs with new nomenclature (#21)
FuelLabs/bridge: docs/design_docs.md

### ETH Bridge Deposit

> 1. User starts a deposit by calling `sendETH` on `FuelMessagePortal` which accepts a value of ETH that gets custodied by the `FuelMessagePortal` while bridged

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. User starts a deposit by calling `sendETH()` on `FuelMessagePortal` which accepts an amount of ETH that gets custodied while bridged
```

1. The Fuel client sees an outgoing message event emitted on the `FuelMessagePortal` and adds a corresponding `InputMessage` to the UTXO set with the designated owner
1. The owner can now spend the amount value in the input message like any other input

![ETH Deposit Diagram](/docs/imgs/FuelMessagingETHDeposit.png)

### ETH Bridge Withdrawal

1. User starts a withdrawal by creating a transaction that outputs an `OutputMessage` with a specific amount of ETH

> 1. All `OutputMessages` are committed to L1 via a merkle tree of all `OutputMessage` messageIds by a designated committer (either a multisig or future consensus contract)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. All `OutputMessages` are committed to L1 via a merkle tree of all `OutputMessage` `messageId`s by a designated committer (either a multisig or future consensus contract)
```

> 1. After a finalization period, the user calls to the `FuelMessagePortal` with a merkle proof of the previous sent message which then sends the ETH to the message recipient

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. After a finalization period, the user calls to the `FuelMessagePortal` with a merkle proof of the previously sent message which then sends the ETH to the message recipient
```

### ERC-20 Bridge Deposit

> 1. User starts a deposit by calling the deposit function on the `L1ERC20Gateway` (has already approved token transfer to `L1ERC20Gateway`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. User starts a deposit by calling the `deposit()` function on the `L1ERC20Gateway` (after they have approved token transfer to `L1ERC20Gateway`)
```

1. The `L1ERC20Gateway` transfers tokens to itself to custody while they are bridged
1. The `L1ERC20Gateway` creates a message in the `FuelMessagePortal` to be relayed on Fuel with the `MessageToFungibleTokenPredicate` so that anyone can spend the `InputMessage` on a user's behalf but with guarantees that the transaction is built as it’s supposed to
1. The Fuel client sees an outgoing message event emitted on the `FuelMessagePortal` and adds a corresponding `InputMessage` to the UTXO set with the designated owner
1. A transaction is built and submitted by either the user or a relayer service that meets the requirements of the `MessageToFungibleTokenPredicate`
1. A single call is made from the transaction script to the intended recipient Fuel token contract. This function verifies the sender and predicate owner of the `InputMessage`, parses the data from the `InputMessage` data field and mints the appropriate amount of tokens to the designated recipient

![ERC20 Deposit Diagram](/docs/imgs/FuelMessagingERC20Deposit.png)

### ERC-20 Bridge Withdrawal

1. User starts a withdrawal by calling the `FuelMyToken` contract sending some coins to withdraw along with it

> 1. The `FuelMyToken` contract looks to see what coins it was sent, burns them and then creates a `OutputMessage` via the `SMO` opcode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The `FuelMyToken` contract looks to see what coins it was sent, burns them and then creates an `OutputMessage` via the `SMO` opcode
```

> 1. All `OutputMessages` are committed to L1 via a merkle tree of all `OutputMessage` messageIds by a designated committer (either a multisig or future consensus contract)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. All `OutputMessages` are committed to L1 via a merkle tree of all `OutputMessage` `messageId`s by a designated committer (either a multisig or future consensus contract)
```

> 1. After a finalization period, the user calls to the `FuelMessagePortal` with a merkle proof of the previous sent message which then calls to the `L1ERC20Gateway` with the abi specified in the message data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. After a finalization period, the user calls to the `FuelMessagePortal` with a merkle proof of the previously sent message which then calls to the `L1ERC20Gateway` with the abi specified in the message data
```

1. The `L1ERC20Gateway` verifies it’s being called by the `FuelMessagePortal` and releases the specified amount of tokens to the specified address

![ERC20 Withdrawal Diagram](/docs/imgs/FuelMessagingERC20Withdraw.png)

## Retryable Messages

In order to prevent messages getting lost during generic messaging from L1 to Fuel, developers should follow the following standard practice utilizing common libraries.

> 1. Either a contract or EOA calls `sendMessage` on the `FuelMessagePortal` that creates a message to be relayed on Fuel with the `MessageToContractPredicate` so that anyone can spend the `InputMessage` on a user's behalf but with guarantees that the transaction is built as it’s supposed to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Either a contract or EOA calls `sendMessage()` on the `FuelMessagePortal` that creates a message to be relayed on Fuel with the `MessageToContractPredicate` so that anyone can spend the `InputMessage` on a user's behalf but with guarantees that the transaction is built as it’s supposed to
```

1. The Fuel client sees an outgoing message event emitted on the `FuelMessagePortal` and adds a corresponding `InputMessage` to the UTXO set with the designated predicate owner
1. A transaction is built and submitted by either the user or some relayer that meets the requirements of the `MessageToContractPredicate`

> 1. The transaction script sends any amount on the message to the recipient contract and calls `processMessage` on the recipient Fuel token contract

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The transaction script sends any amount on the message to the recipient contract and calls `processMessage()` on the recipient Fuel token contract
```
